1	Ninjas'R'Us	Ninjas'R'Us	Binger welcome back to field work!	It's been a while so I'll go over the basics in case you forgot.	In the Top-Left of your HUD, you'll see your health and hunger bars.	Remember if your hunger drops to zero, your health will start to decay.	Luckily, this building has a lot of food everywhere.	Looks like the elevator has no power. You need to find a way to turn it on.	The door to your right looks like it’s locked. You’ll need to find a key. Try the room on your left.
1	Security Guard	Ninjas'R'Us	You can use the food on the table there to attack enemies.	Pick up the Kobe Beef, get close to the target, and press Left Mouse click to hit them with it!					
1	Eating Trigger	Ninjas'R'Us	You can also eat the food to regain health and hunger.	Pick up that Kobe Beef and press E to eat it, it will also give a speed boost.					
1	Hiding Trigger	Ninjas'R'Us	See that plant over there? Try hiding behind it if a guard spots you. 	You can hide behind objects by walking by them and pressing F.					
1	After Hiding	Ninjas'R'Us	There's a key in the next room, explore the rest of the floor and see what else you can find.	"Then make your way to the next floor. Also, for some reason, like an escalator, each elevator only goes between 2 floors. Have fun with that!				
2	Level 2 Start	Ninjas'R'Us	Binger, this floor seems to have different foods to the previous one. These foods make great projectiles. Good for defeating your foes at range.	I know parting with food is a foreign concept to you, but please give it a try.	Oh, and remember, you can only hold one food item at a time. To switch between food, press R. There is an indicator to show which food you're currently holding.				
2	Projectile Trigger	Ninjas'R'Us	Practice throwing the food at the businessmen in the next room. Pick up the rice ball and left mouse click to throw it.						
2	Businessman Intro	Ninjas'R'Us	Careful you don’t get spotted, Binger. Businessmen don’t take kindly to outsiders.	They also look busy so might try to get rid of you quickly.					
2	EndLevelTwo	Ninjas'R'Us	Nice throw! He doesn't even know what hit hi- BINGER, DON'T EVEN THINK OF EATING THAT OFF OF HIM!	Right, time to make your way to the elevator. Be careful, My sensors are showing something strange on the floor above you.					
3	BusinessBarry	Business Barry	Ah, I had heard there was some commotion on the lower levels. I don't know what all the fuss was about but it ends here.	Allow me to offer you a one-time business deal. You leave now, and I'll pay you in my special currency called 'Not-beating-you-to-a-pulp-bucks?' No? OK...					
3	Tutorial	Ninjas'R'Us	Be careful Binger. He looks almost as dangerous as your calorie intake! Let me analyse him quickly... Hmmm. Quick-thinker, risk-taker, twice your height...	It may be better to avoid a face to face fight here!	There's some Fugu on this floor as well, be wary of eating them as they have a chance of poisoning you.				
3	Tutorial Part 2	Ninjas'R'Us	Hide behind objects and wait for him to get close. Then press the Left Mouse Button to perform a sneak attack.						
3	BusinessBarry	Business Barry	It seems inflation has lowered the value of my currency... That's a shame, since I don't make that much money, and they were all I had to pay for my children's meals with...	Go now, but you won't get far. This office building is not all it seems from the outside.					
4	Level 4 Start	Ninjas'R'Us	Binger, I see you found the kitchens... Why am I not surprised?	There aren't as many tall objects here. Luckily, those worktops look the right height to crouch behind to keep you out of sight of enemies. I'll pray for your knees!					
4	Crouch	Ninjas'R'Us	Press Ctrl to crouch. You won't be able to attack though so crouch wisely, young grasshopper! Press Ctrl to stand back up when you're ready.						
4	Chef intro	Ninjas'R'Us	Be on high alert here. Chefs are an angry type of people. They don’t need an excuse to throw their knives at you.						
5	Level 5 start	Ninjas'R'Us	I've taken a look at the layout of this floor. It looks like there are some vents you can use to sneak around more easily.						
5	Vents	Ninjas'R'Us	Press Ctrl to enter the vent. You'll automatically pop out the other side when you get there.						
5	Exit Vent	Ninjas'R'Us	Ah, the miracle of ninja-birth! Congratulations it's a... Disappointment.						
5	Barista Intro	Ninjas'R'Us	These baristas appear to be wearing aprons... Looks like a frontal attack won't be effective.						
6	Head Chef	Chef Cordon	WHERE’S THE LAMB SAU- oh… You’re not my apprentice. I guess I’ll have to vent my frustration on you then…						
6	Head chef intro	Ninjas'R'Us	Be careful Binger. This head chef looks like he won’t even feel a frontal attack.	I guess all those years of apprentices spilling hot things down him have paid off for him…	Remember, Chefs are sensitive to the cold after spending all that time in hot kitchens.					
6	Freezer button	Ninjas'R'Us	That button looks like it’s connected to the walk-in freezer… Maybe you can use that to defeat him!	Press F to interact with buttons.					
6	Head Chef	Chef Cordon	I can’t believe I let you lock me in the freezer so many times… Cover me in bread, because I feel like an idiot sandwich						
7	Level 7 into	Ninjas'R'Us	Ok Binger, I see some control panels on the wall here. You’ll have to experiment to see what they do, but they’re similar to buttons.					
7	Janitor warning	Ninjas'R'Us	Careful around those Janitors. They won’t need to get as close to hit you with those brooms.						
8	Intern intro	Ninjas'R'Us	I guess those Interns are eager to impress. They’re speeding around!					
9	Tech Boss	Tech Man	A ninja? Oh how quaint! You can keep all your ancient techniques to yourself, I don’t need them. My tech is superior. I. AM. THE. FUTURE.						
9	Tech intro	Ninjas'R'Us	Binger, does he look familiar to you? I know him from somewhere…	Where was it? Where was - oh! He was the one who hacked our network a few years ago.	Be careful. He’s a very tricky person!				
9	Distractions	Ninjas'R'Us	He seems easily distracted. Try using this to your advantage, some ranged attacks can be used to distract enemies, making them lose interest in you for a short time.					
9	Tech Boss	Tech Man	I don’t understand… Past. Present. Future… How can I, the future, lose to a ninja? A relic of the past?...	I suppose they must have a place, that’s why we sent them to - never mind. Can’t have you knowing all of our secrets.					
10	Level 10 start	Ninjas'R'Us	Ooh, this place looks shady. Who knew there was a black market being run inside Nakamura Tower?						
10	Yakuza intro	Ninjas'R'Us	Judging by their outfits, this floor looks like it’s being run by the Yakuza. Be careful Binger, their thugs are not to be underestimated.						
10	Pushable objects	Ninjas'R'Us	Some of those crates don’t look too heavy. You might be able to move them around to give yourself an advantage. Walk up to a crate and press F to start moving it.						
11	Security camera	Ninjas'R'Us	Smile, you’re on camera!... Well, you’re not at the moment, but take care. If you get spotted by a camera, you’ll be reported to any nearby enemies.						
12	Yakuza Leader	Yakuza Boss	You ninjas think you’re so special; hiding in the shadows. I was raised in the shadows, sculpted by them… You think you can come and use them as your own? BIG mistake!						
12	Lights intro	Ninjas'R'Us	I think this Yakuza leader wants to be the bane of your existence. Don’t let that happen; you still have a girl to save!	There are some lights on this floor that are controlled by buttons. Try to use these to your advantage.					
12	Yakuza Leader	Yakuza Boss	Sigh… if only Toby was still here, he was great!	My poor pet tiger, I never did find out what happened to him! He went missing one day, and I never saw him again.	Together we would have been more than a match for you!					
13	Tiger intro	Ninjas'R'Us	Is that… Toby? After all this time, that poor guy didn’t even realise his ‘missing’ pet tiger was just one floor abo- wait, no… the name tag on his collar says ‘fluffles’.	Never mind. Get ready to run. He’s looking at you like you look at sushi! And don’t bother trying to sneak.	After all this running around, I’d be surprised if he couldn’t smell you from 5 floors below.					
13	Roll intro	Ninjas'R'Us	Press Shift to roll. This will allow you to avoid incoming attacks and lets you move faster than running.						
14	Pressure pad intro	Ninjas'R'Us	It looks like some of the equipment here is operated by using pressure pads. Some only need to be activated once, others need constant pressure.	I’m sure you can find something to hold down the latter. You’ll have to experiment to reach the next floor.						
15	Toby the Tiger	Toby The Tiger	RAWR!						
15	Charge	Ninjas'R'Us	I think you’re going to have a tough time here Binger. You might have to try stunning this one before you attack.	Try using his speed against him! And maybe tr- WAIT… NO!... Look at the name tag!!! It’s Toby! I guess they used him for an experiment…						
15	Toby the Tiger	Toby The Tiger	Rawr! Miss... My... Friend... Hmph!						
16	Level 16 start	Ninjas'R'Us	Binger? Can y……..me? Bi...r? C….........me?						
16	Broke up	Binger	Hm, I guess I’m out of range. Wait. Where… Where am I? Who’s that giant person staring down at me?	HQ? HQ? Come in HQ… Damn! Must be in space. Good job all Ninjas R Us uniforms are basically high-tech space suits!	Well, I guess it's just me and you, giant floaty face thing!					
16	Portal intro	Binger	Oh cool, strange glowing circle! I wonder what it does…						
16	Post portal	Binger	Huh…It’s a portal. Nice!						
16	Alien intro	Binger	Darkness everywhere… No signal on the Global Ninja Comms System… I'm in space... that must mean… those are aliens. cool! Wait… ALIENS?						
17	Level 17 into	Binger	You know, space isn’t too bad… I have less mass, there’s plenty of darkness to hide in, and I have a giant friend watching over me!	And who would have thought that I, Binger, would be the first ninja in space?					
17	Space ninja intro	Binger	Oh maaaan! I thought I was the first. What is the whole of Ninjas R Us doing here? I thought they were busy… and why do they look like they’re about to attack me?						
18	Space Ninja	Space Ninja	Hello Binger! I wasn’t expecting you to get this far. Well, I wasn’t expecting you at all… Why are you here? And where did you get that uniform?	I thought you were the janitor… Though I only saw you cleaning dishes…	Well, can’t have you interfering with our secret mission. I’ll have to make sure you can’t tell anyone.					
18	Space Ninja	Binger	So there’s a secret mission, eh? I guess that’s why HQ was so surprised that everyone was busy. And I guess this secre-						
18	Space Ninja	Space Ninja	Who are you talking to???						
18	Space Ninja	Binger	I’m talking to my friend! The giant floating head over there… Duh!!						
18	Space Ninja	Space Ninja	That’s no friend of yours! They’ve been controlling you this entire time!						
18	Space Ninja	Binger	Controlling me? The ENTIRE time?? Pffft, please! Then how come I only met them here in space?						
18	Space Ninja	Space Ninja	The veil between our world and theirs is thinner out here. That’s why.						
18	Space Ninja	Binger	Hmmm… Not sure I believe you… But, say I did… Why would they do that?						
18	Space Ninja	Space Ninja	Enough talking! We need to end this now!						
18	Space Ninja	Space Ninja	Heed my words, Binger. Turn back now. You are not prepared for what lies ahead… A small army to start with, and that’s the least of your problems!						
19	Level 19 intro	Binger	I need a second to clear my head… Ok, calm down… So… You are controlling me. I’ve had to perform different tasks, separated into different floors…	And now I’m about to face a small army in space… Is this a video game??	Wait… That means………. That means……. I’m… I’m… I’M THE STAR OF THE GAME! YES!!!!				
19	Where am I	Binger	Hmm, where am I now? Everything seems so peaceful, yet so threatening. So clean, yet so rundown. It's like space had a baby with Chernobyl... or with Liverpool.						
20	Ninjaroth	Ninjaroth	Ah, Binger. I certainly didn't expect you to make it this far. I thought the stairs alone would have killed you!!						
20	Ninjaroth	Binger	Clearly you didn't hear.. THE DEVS WENT WITH ELEVATORS INSTEAD!						
20	Ninjaroth	Ninjaroth	CURSES!!!! No matter. They changed me from a Yakuza boss, to the highest rated ninja at Ninjas R Us. So I am fully equipped to beat the thicc outta you!						
20	Ninjaroth	Binger	It's time to shut up, come on get down with my thicc-ness.						
20	Ninjaroth	Ninjaroth	Wait! Before I kill you, you should know why I have to... it's only fair.						
20	Ninjaroth	Binger	Oh great! Let me guess; a cheesy plot twist? The narrative designer should be fired!						
20	Ninjaroth	Ninjaroth	At last we see eye to eye! Anyway... Tadashi hired you to return his daughter. BUT. I'm guessing he didn't tell you the whole story.						
20	Ninjaroth	Ninjaroth	He said he had a friend of a friend who could help keep my secret safe.	What I didn't realise was; this "friend" would steal the baby as soon as it was born and sell it on the black market.						
20	Ninjaroth	Ninjaroth	After some digging, I found out that Tadashi was the buyer. I know he just seems like an entrepreneur, but he's so much more than that.						
20	Ninjaroth	Ninjaroth	He's the boss of the boss of the boss of the Yakuza. And twice as evil. You have to believe me! Please... I don't WANT to kill you, but if it saves my daughter, I HAVE to!						
20	Ninjaroth	Tadashi	Don't listen to him, Binger. He's a master of deception, all ninjas are! My daughter is all I have after my wife passed away. Without her, I'm lost. I'm just an old man, Binger.						
20	Ninjaroth	Tadashi	Do you honestly believe I could be as evil as Ninjaroth described?						
20	Ninjaroth	Tadashi	And just think, with every other ninja gone, you would be the head of Ninjas R Us. All I want is my daughter back. Why would I pay so much for a random person?						
20	Ninjaroth	Binger	Sorry Friend, I saw some Kobe Beef over there and got distracted... Friend, what did they say? Who's the real dad?						
20	Ninjaroth	Tadashi	I don’t understand, Binger. All you had to do was kill Ninjaroth and Ninjas R Us was yours. Think about it, the money, the glory, all of it could have been yours.						
20	Ninjaroth	Binger	I don’t need money… or fame… not everyone is as materialistic as you, Tadashi! All I need is some noodles.						
20	Ninjaroth	Binger	And some sushi… and a few rice balls, some sashimi, some Kobe beef… Possibly a bigger uniform… what were we talking about?						
20	Ninjaroth	Tadashi	I was telling you what a mistake it was to listen to Ninjaroth and tha-						
20	Ninjaroth	Binger	Sorry, were these your noodles? I just found them on the ground there…						
20	Tadashi	Binger	Where is she?						
20	Tadashi	Ninjaroth	I’ll never tell-						
20	Tadashi	Binger	Tell me now! I’m getting hungry. And you wouldn’t like me when I’m hungry!						
20	Tadashi	Ninjaroth	Through here…						
20	Tadashi	Binger	Thanks.						
20	Tadashi	Tadashi	Thank you, Binger! I never would have guessed that it was your organisation that took her in the first place.						
20	Tadashi	Tadashi	Take it, there’s going to be a lot of changes at Ninjas R Us now. Hopefully the $1million will help with that. But if there’s anything else I can do to help, let me know!						
20	Tadashi	Binger	Got any food? I wasted my last rice ball!						
